Readme.md, before:

# _Job Posting_

#### _, 2020 ver 1.0_

#### By _Ian Gregg & _
[Job-Posting]()

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* to clone this content, copy the url provided by the 'clone or download' button in GitHub
* in command line use the command 'git clone (GitHub url)'
* open the program in a code editor
* you will need [.NET] (https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/2.2) installed to run this program 
* then install dotnet script REPL by typing 'dotnet tool installl -g dotnet-script' in the command line
* type dotnet build in the command line to compile the code
* create a .gitignore file and store the bin and obj folders in .gitignore
* type dotnet run in the command line to run the program

__

## Specs

| Behavior    | Input | Output |
| :---------- | ----- | -----: |
| behavior 1 |  |  |
| behavior 2 |  |  |
| behavior 3 |  |  |
| behavior 4 |  |  |


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_Contact Ian Gregg: <iangregg188@gmail.com>_

## Technologies Used

_The Technologies used in the making of this software was Chrome browser, Visual Studio editor, and Mac, C#, .Net_

### License

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Ian Gregg_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Filled out the blank readme.
Co-authored-by: Peter Grimm <pagrimm@gmail.com>

Readme.md, after:

# _Job Posting_

#### _This program was a practice in creating a job posting board with MVC Applications with Razor, 2020 ver 1.0_

#### By _Ian Gregg & Peter Grimm_
[Job-Posting](https://github.com/oldgregg89/Job-Posting-solution)

## Description

_This program was a practice in creating a job posting board with MVC Applications with Razor_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* to clone this content, copy the url provided by the 'clone or download' button in GitHub
* in command line use the command 'git clone (GitHub url)'
* open the program in a code editor
* you will need [.NET] (https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/2.2) installed to run this program 
* then install dotnet script REPL by typing 'dotnet tool installl -g dotnet-script' in the command line
* type dotnet build in the command line to compile the code
* create a .gitignore file and store the bin and obj folders in .gitignore
* type dotnet run in the command line to run the program

__

## Specs

| Behavior    | Input | Output |
| :---------- | ----- | -----: |
| behavior 1 |  |  |



## Known Bugs

_No known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_Contact Ian Gregg: <iangregg188@gmail.com>
or
Peter Grimm <pagrimm@gmail.com>_

## Technologies Used

_The Technologies used in the making of this software was Chrome browser, Visual Studio editor, and Mac, C#, .Net_

### License

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Ian Gregg & Peter Grimm_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
